README.md, before:

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-apache%20v2-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/CycloneDX/cyclonedx-property-taxonomy/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/https://-cyclonedx.org-blue.svg)](https://cyclonedx.org/)
[![Slack Invite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-Join-blue?logo=slack&labelColor=393939)](https://cyclonedx.org/slack/invite)
[![Group Discussion](https://img.shields.io/badge/discussion-groups.io-blue.svg)](https://groups.io/g/CycloneDX)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/CycloneDX_Spec)

# CycloneDX Property Taxonomy

This is the official CycloneDX property namespace and name taxonomy.

## Introduction

With the v1.3 release of the specification, custom properties have been added.

Although the specification doesn't impose restrictions on the property names used,
standardization can assist tool implementors and BOM consumers.

The authoritative source of official namespaces and property names is this repository.

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD",
"SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be
interpreted as described in [RFC2119](http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt).

## Namespace Syntax

Namespaces are hierarchical and delimeted with a `:`.

As such, `:` MUST NOT be used in property namespaces and names except as a delimeter.

The only characters that SHALL be used in official property namespaces and names are alpanumerical characters, "-", "_" and " " from the US ASCII character set.

Namespaces SHOULD be lower case. Base property names MAY use upper case.

### Examples

```
local:information_security_classification
local:team_responsible
```

### ABNF for Official CycloneDX Property Names

```
property-name = 1*(namespace ":") name

namespace     = 1*namechar

name          = 1*namechar

namechar      = ALPHA / DIGIT / "-" / "_" / " "
```

ABNF syntax as per [RFC5234: Augmented BNF for Syntax Specifications: ABNF](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5234).

## Registered Top Level Namespaces

| Namespace | Description | Administered By | Taxonomy |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cdx` | Namespace for official CycloneDX namespaces and properties. Unofficial namespaces and properties MUST NOT be used under the `cdx` namespace. | CycloneDX Core Working Group | [cdx taxonomy](cdx.md) |
| `internal` | Namespace for internal use only. BOMs shared with 3rd parties SHOULD NOT include properties in the local namespace. | CycloneDX Core Working Group | N/A |
| `dependency-track` | Namespace for use by the Dependency-Track project. | Dependency-Track Maintainers | `RESERVED` |
| `tern` | Namespace for use by the Tern project. | Tern Maintainers | [Tern Project](https://github.com/tern-tools/tern) |

## Registering New Top Level Namespaces

It is RECOMMENDED that anyone creating custom properties outside of the `internal`
namespace SHOULD register a new top level namespace.

The process for registering a new top level namespace is to
[create a new issue requesting it](https://github.com/CycloneDX/cyclonedx-property-taxonomy/issues/new/choose).

Namespaces are initialling registered as `RESERVED`.

Before using your `RESERVED` namespace, documentation for the taxonomy of the
namespace SHOULD be publicly available. Failure to do so MAY result in the
namespace reservation being revoked.

An example is the [cdx taxonomy](cdx.md).

Commit message:

Add Aqua Security namespace reservation
Refer to https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy/pull/1081

README.md, after:

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-apache%20v2-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/CycloneDX/cyclonedx-property-taxonomy/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/https://-cyclonedx.org-blue.svg)](https://cyclonedx.org/)
[![Slack Invite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-Join-blue?logo=slack&labelColor=393939)](https://cyclonedx.org/slack/invite)
[![Group Discussion](https://img.shields.io/badge/discussion-groups.io-blue.svg)](https://groups.io/g/CycloneDX)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/CycloneDX_Spec)

# CycloneDX Property Taxonomy

This is the official CycloneDX property namespace and name taxonomy.

## Introduction

With the v1.3 release of the specification, custom properties have been added.

Although the specification doesn't impose restrictions on the property names used,
standardization can assist tool implementors and BOM consumers.

The authoritative source of official namespaces and property names is this repository.

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD",
"SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be
interpreted as described in [RFC2119](http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt).

## Namespace Syntax

Namespaces are hierarchical and delimeted with a `:`.

As such, `:` MUST NOT be used in property namespaces and names except as a delimeter.

The only characters that SHALL be used in official property namespaces and names are alpanumerical characters, "-", "_" and " " from the US ASCII character set.

Namespaces SHOULD be lower case. Base property names MAY use upper case.

### Examples

```
local:information_security_classification
local:team_responsible
```

### ABNF for Official CycloneDX Property Names

```
property-name = 1*(namespace ":") name

namespace     = 1*namechar

name          = 1*namechar

namechar      = ALPHA / DIGIT / "-" / "_" / " "
```

ABNF syntax as per [RFC5234: Augmented BNF for Syntax Specifications: ABNF](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5234).

## Registered Top Level Namespaces

| Namespace | Description | Administered By | Taxonomy |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cdx` | Namespace for official CycloneDX namespaces and properties. Unofficial namespaces and properties MUST NOT be used under the `cdx` namespace. | CycloneDX Core Working Group | [cdx taxonomy](cdx.md) |
| `internal` | Namespace for internal use only. BOMs shared with 3rd parties SHOULD NOT include properties in the local namespace. | CycloneDX Core Working Group | N/A |
| `aquasecurity` | Namespace for use by Aqua Security. | Aqua Security | `RESERVED` |
| `dependency-track` | Namespace for use by the Dependency-Track project. | Dependency-Track Maintainers | `RESERVED` |
| `tern` | Namespace for use by the Tern project. | Tern Maintainers | [Tern Project](https://github.com/tern-tools/tern) |

## Registering New Top Level Namespaces

It is RECOMMENDED that anyone creating custom properties outside of the `internal`
namespace SHOULD register a new top level namespace.

The process for registering a new top level namespace is to
[create a new issue requesting it](https://github.com/CycloneDX/cyclonedx-property-taxonomy/issues/new/choose).

Namespaces are initialling registered as `RESERVED`.

Before using your `RESERVED` namespace, documentation for the taxonomy of the
namespace SHOULD be publicly available. Failure to do so MAY result in the
namespace reservation being revoked.

An example is the [cdx taxonomy](cdx.md).
