cdx/lifecycle.md, before:

# `cdx:lifecycle` Namespace Taxonomy

| Namespace | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone` | Namespace for milestone-specific information. |

## `cdx:lifecycle:milestone` Namespace Taxonomy

| Property | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfDevelopment` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer ceases development of a component or service. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfSupport` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer ceases any and all support of a component or service. This point in time marks a transfer of risk from the manufacturer to the consuming organization or user of the component or service, encompassing all cybersecurity knowledge and known vulnerabilities, with no further assistance provided by the manufacturer. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfGuaranteedSupport` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer no longer provides assured services such as technical assistance, user training, repairs, spare parts, and software updates for a component or service. Beyond this period, any support offered is discretionary and may incur extra costs or have restrictions. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfLife` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer stops selling a product after its defined useful life and formally notifies users. It marks the conclusion of the product's lifecycle, following a structured EOL process. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfProduction` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer stops producing a component, often due to newer versions, unavailable parts, market changes, or strategic shifts. Existing units may still be available in warehouses, distribution channels, and for use, but no new units will be manufactured. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfMarketing` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer will cease actively promoting or advertising a component or service. While the component or service may still be available for purchase and support, it will no longer receive active marketing efforts from the manufacturer. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:generalAvailability` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when a component or service is released and available to the general public. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfBusinessOperations` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer of a component or service has ceased business activities. It signifies that the company is no longer in operation, and therefore, no products, services, or support will be provided. |

Commit message:

docs: cdx rules and processes
Signed-off-by: Jan Kowalleck <jan.kowalleck@gmail.com>

cdx/lifecycle.md, after:

# `cdx:lifecycle` Namespace Taxonomy

This is the namespace for official CycloneDX properties related to component and service lifecycles.

The official rules and processes apply - see [parent document](../cdx.md).

----

| Namespace | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone` | Namespace for milestone-specific information. |

## `cdx:lifecycle:milestone` Namespace Taxonomy

| Property | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfDevelopment` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer ceases development of a component or service. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfSupport` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer ceases any and all support of a component or service. This point in time marks a transfer of risk from the manufacturer to the consuming organization or user of the component or service, encompassing all cybersecurity knowledge and known vulnerabilities, with no further assistance provided by the manufacturer. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfGuaranteedSupport` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer no longer provides assured services such as technical assistance, user training, repairs, spare parts, and software updates for a component or service. Beyond this period, any support offered is discretionary and may incur extra costs or have restrictions. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfLife` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer stops selling a product after its defined useful life and formally notifies users. It marks the conclusion of the product's lifecycle, following a structured EOL process. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfProduction` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer stops producing a component, often due to newer versions, unavailable parts, market changes, or strategic shifts. Existing units may still be available in warehouses, distribution channels, and for use, but no new units will be manufactured. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfMarketing` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer will cease actively promoting or advertising a component or service. While the component or service may still be available for purchase and support, it will no longer receive active marketing efforts from the manufacturer. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:generalAvailability` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when a component or service is released and available to the general public. |
| `cdx:lifecycle:milestone:endOfBusinessOperations` | The ISO 8601 date or timestamp when the manufacturer of a component or service has ceased business activities. It signifies that the company is no longer in operation, and therefore, no products, services, or support will be provided. |
